README.md, before:

# orchard [![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/orchard.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/orchard) #

Requires Rust 1.66+.

## Documentation

- [The Orchard Book](https://zcash.github.io/orchard/)
- [Crate documentation](https://docs.rs/orchard)

## `no_std` compatibility

Downstream users of this crate must enable the `spin_no_std` feature of the
`lazy_static` crate in order to take advantage of `no_std` builds; this is due
to the fact that `--no-default-features` builds of `lazy_static` still rely on
`std`.

## License

Copyright 2020-2023 The Electric Coin Company.

All code in this workspace is licensed under either of

 * Apache License, Version 2.0, ([LICENSE-APACHE](LICENSE-APACHE) or http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
 * MIT license ([LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT) or http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

at your option.

### Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally
submitted for inclusion in the work by you, as defined in the Apache-2.0
license, shall be dual licensed as above, without any additional terms or
conditions.

Commit message:

Document needing the `no_std` feature of `typenum` for no_std builds.
Signed-off-by: Daira-Emma Hopwood <daira@jacaranda.org>

README.md, after:

# orchard [![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/orchard.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/orchard) #

Requires Rust 1.66+.

## Documentation

- [The Orchard Book](https://zcash.github.io/orchard/)
- [Crate documentation](https://docs.rs/orchard)

## `no_std` compatibility

In order to take advantage of `no_std` builds, downstream users of this crate
must enable:

* the `spin_no_std` feature of the `lazy_static` crate; and
* the `no_std` feature of the `typenum` crate.

This is needed because the `--no-default-features` builds of these crates still
rely on `std`.

## License

Copyright 2020-2023 The Electric Coin Company.

All code in this workspace is licensed under either of

 * Apache License, Version 2.0, ([LICENSE-APACHE](LICENSE-APACHE) or http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
 * MIT license ([LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT) or http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

at your option.

### Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally
submitted for inclusion in the work by you, as defined in the Apache-2.0
license, shall be dual licensed as above, without any additional terms or
conditions.
